EPOCHS = 7
temperature = 0.65

Judge:
Ye wor He at lice cuncep courtor son the vreecur of the coured to the plpe of of thearing aresseen the gore to for i faneto:
"sur....)
Edghe mearung us would to this the for you fromereany the gorts whenah! Soall yagud the prectorn't in the bellon tong thing?
Edgeworth:
.................... wewho. Andan thersed.
Gro:
... What in this bhoe mprost parr houlds of tato wit wan y andy ind the to you the is weas aleseverese couldd ourth all yout to his fir it our was may on that'rth.
PhounHossillo:
(ly whollo she vicled what I've the timend the leas hapre
Edgeworth:
Thilm... That toim. I things the re of the had ne that wit mor He myew you here whone yousushen the my was siecry every plapes wered the the did yout fecliet on the was the the at the wiching Mst of thisprased the dence ourt... Hen a were to the the ceall ous the we hit the foor did welanyste munt inve sour wis the pright. Bet the ape woulds cour a ring a bllipoon't like the inve, we gort, Mand with the beear yours of all no hon the vick.
Phattonoongs ad the meart cally know, do's the pere backe wen of meven you fe to pe was the lonow, I that is to coling ohe cring rome brement his a sur the reallawy the menting of it quet my and doe to seement that they to come too me upentora
Mithing the way, you agelive ie ar shear all wea when the here would gere pouchnd in thething inve he sweren't the guthing Sutad, the meas ght meal youe.
Ryunosuke:
You was invic t meverge was ore init would houll the somentan tator foun or the mid all the carell...)
Edgeworth:
Is it some thing the piter worke be coricer thing the withing hithe upprive ase our planey presin the presid heou didn't resid your liseve forting the videncit, that's ever hened the dony me proing to to wru the reas too pand the hou moly the to she was tore were rightnly my ant hentime something. I men thethe vice shere onit in athe you'r eapthers tou the lefellenced yo were's aottan the to you some what pare int thet goenix:
You was wah to rus...)
Judge:
Hge toed the was bean on in forge tho winde thought the know on thelly memesno tor verestider of well the cainners at the cour timend the camerin the of the receresel... This courd was whe pare inction. It my of the arustop spund of bere Rousto cour renallyey be ore to kon ack?
Ln way in that was postioness It was way prome the aros hould the Go byoure whon is wasent you me hat wing ton the don's a reat wild youn the conise the ghaw the been the the the vicounts...
Truse:
You what aho here bell. But the cappeart a called thall s here?
Soss...I wart Freveap fres of yere your in pen the wart that know, my seemen is the def you wapred emeant the your you?
Krume:
................... I missindery oploe Roulene to bears tho faystore!
Kichy allow, invescy of them the ficer some casery merthin with with loou dow.t but a your provere you oron offe right, that Mayn open thing is of the truthing the dy the wer the could in the orturs'ran that wh as the crecter the the mefe oplt me I decurspe?
Gurosch was well? I of your of it wer wilaneting in pernos the defent in the geared the tou the goed fent Ln wese was abe the cour pouche fee clisting my in eay in thonet you wery the sicker mured may thing somon a somed on up a ming?
Phoenix:
(That's coulder sure oumen:
..................I'm to hean secon Kire sonthen the hacthe to in the cane you were the of think I hat -- -oo, the melpoer erlm a and... I wast'st nome of mis evise sures coulderes unse thish beat rionns...?
Edgeworth:
.... ..........
Phou wound the dage was was Gond there weneret juterescing reises courtin yon arditing.
Phoonos who could chat have you the the dent the my meention to gen y ofreel..)
Vemean in the man soret no the couldnce the newh was of a prigetert conet mine, Mr. Whit sectrustor fare is imm res accoont..... Ther to you whour weart...)
Mr... I meen give primestormet som that hen be st hin the bremente thinke elon on hord clome courth is the courdd requre your stophere you meare?
Kensw the munderurt.
Ryunessensound gou murinosue there ase than packe se hat ay I my with my inally dead yourke as  llkert with me withe grong ou tregin if that hads, woull recuo vensing rivething the ret'me to no the mobere telve s you the pere acunthingh it werentes a all wastesirht of the mentider wicht on the arsis, I whalloool cover:
Yeenevery andw the gring wh has in the defent with the man's beens poned Hespembersen that.
Judge:
Vall way the one? bro, ino in myour ther wice, awal the victime Klio some the my uphes. And the is compon ther Niche preme that on stally, I'm retion the part wind way on the ar tochto the mat rohent Ne vere porst arrunion.
Kazuma:
Ningo:
.........................................?
Kelell, evid cou shure, in'a no aring Whink. Whoenix:
Tht's all whorn a ped-Where case.
Ryunos:
You of the the monosur way rothe dend that seed the woold the wer here. I dry the coulder this so the do caun't the buttret wh havead beer the bellgdson this it wing the re shereer aboutlly don the the he'dr aret the was an is thing the warther the rean where of what thending, a the boren what is was. Ho wethen tally your mever fort wher the me word dou all wout werere for Nop was and the only me gorte to me...
Suras..... Mis on I hould reamityy whet beit prapinioto gay fore Juring the me!?
Hoonght reer oper to the the mise me could a conce to the pould is the porther wer m jus int?
Phoenix:
Be the wouter! Heve was the my oenix:
Ryunosuke:
Moll gong the reased thet...
Kazumshoe:
Thend the was do one that win the rep as it of the lust.. I'mean?
Phow yourt Sustante it was anstigh:
........ The ricke you she munewide:
Bees as the bmou dede never arying.....then hast that were crime he win to the the priced we in ton in that he decem nee shoe ass thin.
Ryunosuke:
What's to you seearewort of the poll wing the backe the crosur place to in Mrod doingr a the olony of wh ap tou whap the pere suppolly it!
Judoss beapplent.
Edgewourth:
Yean a ato:
Bust luse to picer apper to the the wort ad thinksturtime, was to hell met in the wer Nout non sto athe herean ith the the for thist the couldd reveppt ronseector.
Edgoony the aboute the mut thin my my soment a facty has pee courp arustion has can to makn oven it wis pacher, I wish indere oure.
Ryunosuke:
A-t wer we phe'd bll the wress rumantons that yough will pre stere vidence thone of the doen I conend ge thetthe the reat on, the gen ared some ore withe vicher the melan think I reasin't was the son expe would ment wad thin thing the pobn the but chere wns arongshow ris hime thinght... Tho wering th exp aruson't what wainn't therend pollus tiow. What Mead tompling to would the lefend or the tim you ment som wis you the beave the have do thing thing that this is pondere washough be the bedeat regunly some the pocking thit wan the le gat wer here?
Goms of was the gr it in whitherthing the do lieved to the cle so nond wis inow sthing?
Edgeworth:
....................................................................................... ....................................................................................................kien the dessingh the cased everate is appesens ard genix:
(I dide stat that the to keit be fecime stth a foroment inew he court.
Elloke:
..........Hou ance.. ....
Ryunosuke:
(?
Phoenix:
(Syess the Ares a fet sopolly be there was the gon the prighat atanin that tomess on the ret's to touny.)
Well, I do the the mact woell bere...thea fon the every upo the invere, and youn't our wned that the vere the my apolle son arose beent to seecto ware in lover Vad't that ded the were ging wout on I king the cell on arring hon you way the act told be arope woring the vice the protonosu mes.... Aas a doch looksithin, Mou yous it ween as been of reveen wftoor a rsolond you?
Jud your was have an the dieticed s eveactions, been it the gutor, on ye sclariou here w the rightr tet in the this cour tom whehoonertt on here the couldn't peres ont was to the to fore goend tot the right?
Phoenix:
Wh-What pates al that you that the don's the pinos where a that Michelr these merer'vereaded what wit he withe oning the the deandern. The wains at all ouge ton a for acly say a sumpestopy I wis ons! It that t gured do thise? come. Her call the come som with you on this po sa migu plloo... Sory cauder in that wind outh tes you heed the casention't way youtr eyurde why mysuper the cass atun the perst he didence off the it werent wind ofe were alll you the Mientictionist, firame stin't ter artualy in the rould bef anoury you my the liong to int oune s at the de what the seedate the a spait the the bid wing must....)
Judge:
I'm........ I do you kion't be the really than yo portio with the courd fer the dide an worke whot the dr to the policer in the mearusoppother 1respeake the ings who was? Euger fustr of the residen in to hing...... ...the cardy 'seemenecore bllaccationosun.
........
Mre withedgen this whead ly... Lou kipl think toe fost to:
"s seemend the the prest aho in tou the leall firedent my... I want and come, wen in the were're paret of the spearoomenting out the god you the of yeat of the refele goent wat at the of the ar the ent shapp to yoved on to kevertht me the doey.... ...wh wh hould what on my the get, Yas the only that surithet the inve was me wour ard, now of the prock the call have an int?
Apollo:
The must sat als all notulyotused me the scre. Aould ceall that the reat that to on the abe would the were hoenix:
You kel I fillong there the the with the pince in the sethe mord of have a no even a vep of the roes sicuriose ding wotld foronin out wing the in prioshe courrd.
Jucusurdy:
Hus haveresen of ove pollod there the ll the reallyth with that wen can the defen I'mere Rorong... ..... (Aco that a cato a wone ment and ton yound our tol havis a sis inve tho wet to in wiod sto of sceas gust exaring ine tho ink. you sting ouss.... And you whave atement you coulded be mory ye promobreson wen to he fe the sover to pload let's eveas of your ge wou wemever goe of wethat the to you 
